docs: add Terraform module (#2560)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/create.md

*create* stores your cluster's state in a [`constellation-terraform`](../architecture/orchestration.md#cluster-creation-process) directory in your workspace.

</tabItem>
<tabItem value="self-managed" label="Self-managed">

> Self-managed infrastructure allows for more flexibility in the setup, by excluding the default infrastructure setup from the Constellation cluster management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Self-managed infrastructure allows for more flexibility in the setup, by separating the infrastructure setup from the Constellation cluster management.
```

This provides flexibility in DevOps and can meet potential regulatory requirements.
It's recommended to use Terraform for infrastructure management, but you can use any tool of your choice.

:::info

>   When using Terraform, you can use the [Terraform module](./terraform-module.md) for ease of use to manage the entire Constellation cluster.

Author: but the user doesn't know about the CLI, he manages the cluster state through the module. I would like to avoid "create" since it might imply that upgrades are not supported

>   When using Terraform, you can use the [Terraform module](./terraform-module.md) for ease of use to manage the entire Constellation cluster.

Reviewer 2: yes, as we discussed

:::

If using a tool other than Terraform, you can still refer to the Terraform files for the selected CSP from the [Constellation GitHub repository](https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/tree/main/terraform/infrastructure) for a minimum Constellation cluster configuration. From this base, you can now add, edit, or substitute resources per your own requirements with the infrastructure

> management tooling of your choice. You need to keep the essential functionality of the base configuration in order for your cluster to function correctly.

Reviewer 3: The rest of this section reads handwavy. Can we give more detailed instructions on how to get to the state file either here or in the terraform module page? Or am I missing something?

Author: @msanft since you did the self managed docs, what do you think? I agree that it's handwavy.
I'd add at least 
`config generate` - to generate the config and state file
And describe that the `Infrastructure` object of the state file, needs to be filled out by the user.

Author: But I also think that we don't need to be too explicit here, since we don't really know of any customer not using Terraform at the moment right?

Author: what do you mean? The necessity to fill out the fields is mentioned here:
https://github.com/edgelesssys/constellation/blob/48e166419518bdf68488a25555140d2438c0d958/docs/docs/workflows/create.md#L68

Reviewer 2: Ah. This is what I meant. I must have missed this in my first review

Reviewer 2: This should be alright then.

Make sure all necessary resources are created, e.g., through checking your CSP's portal and retrieve the necessary values, aligned with the outputs (specified in `outputs.tf`) of the base configuration.

> Fill these outputs into the corresponding fields of the `Infrastructure` block inside the `constellation-state.yaml` file. For example, fill the IP or DNS name your cluster can be reached at into the `.Infrastructure.ClusterEndpoint` field.

Reviewer 2: Idea for making it less "handwavy":

Move the bash snippets from above here and say that they'll work for the default but have to be adjusted accordingly if the outputs are changed by the modifications made by the user. Just as an idea, does not have to be implemented here necessarily. We could keep track of it while linking this PR if we want to do it at some point though.
